---
layout: post
title:  "Quantum Computing Society of the Philippines Partners with DOST-ASTI"
date:   2023-07-13 15:30:00 -0800
author: bobby
image: assets/images/asti-onequantum-moa-signing-2.png
categories: News
comments: false
---

We, the Quantum Computing Society of the Philippines (QCSP), are thrilled to announce a momentous partnership with the Department of Science and Technology - Advanced Science and Technology Institute (DOST-ASTI). Our organizations cemented our collaborative relationship with the signing of a memorandum of agreement on July 13, 2023, at the Orchard Hotel in Baguio.

This agreement is an exciting development in our mission to promote quantum computing in the Philippines. As QCSP, we have always been passionate about driving innovation, education, and awareness in quantum computing. Our partnership with DOST-ASTI, a division of DOST, the country's primary governmental institution for scientific and technological advancement, is an incredible opportunity to further these goals.

Our mutual commitment to advancing quantum computing forms the foundation of our agreement. Together, we aim to boost quantum computing knowledge and skills across the nation. This collaboration not only signifies a union of shared vision but also a strategic alliance that we believe will have a profound impact on the scientific community in the country.

Under the terms of our agreement, QCSP and DOST-ASTI will undertake a series of activities intended to promote and cultivate quantum computing. These include organizing hackathons to stimulate innovative thinking around the applications of quantum computing. We will also join hands with universities to deliver quantum computing classes, contributing to the educational landscape of the country.

We are thrilled to initiate this journey with DOST-ASTI. With this collaboration, we are one step closer to transforming the landscape of quantum computing in the Philippines. We believe this will not only inspire our scientific community but will also empower them with the knowledge to leverage the potential of quantum computing.

Looking ahead, we, at the QCSP, are eager to explore the opportunities this partnership with DOST-ASTI presents. We stand on the precipice of a new era in quantum computing in the Philippines, and we can't wait to drive these advancements together.
